InfluxDB Clustered Helm install (#5540)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/install/licensing.md

    ```

4.  <span id="enable-feature-flag"></span>

>     Update your `AppInstance` resource to enable the `useLicensedBinaries` feature flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Update your `AppInstance` resource to activate the `useLicensedBinaries` feature flag:
```

and want to upgrade to a licensed release, do the following:

1.  [Install an InfluxDB license](#install-your-influxdb-license)

> 2.  If modifying the `AppInstance` resource directly, in your `myinfluxdb.yml`,
>     update the package version defined in `spec.package.image` to use a licensed
>     release.
>     
>     If using the InfluxDB Clustered Helm chart, update the `image.tag` property
>     in your `values.yaml`to use a licensed release.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  If you [use the `AppInstance` resource configuration](/influxdb/clustered/install/configure-cluster/directly/) to configure your cluster, in your `myinfluxdb.yml`,
    update the package version defined in `spec.package.image` to use a licensed
    release.
    
    If using the InfluxDB Clustered Helm chart, update the `image.tag` property
    in your `values.yaml`to use a licensed release.

```
